Correct information about plugin enabling (#1760)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/plugins/vars.rst

Enabling vars plugins
---------------------

> You can activate a custom vars plugin by either dropping it into a ``vars_plugins`` directory adjacent to your play, inside a role, or by putting it in one of the directory sources configured in :ref:`ansible.cfg <ansible_configuration_settings>`. For a vars plugin to run during inventory build you cannot enable it via play or role as these are not loaded until later. If they are only going to run at task exeuction, there are no limitations on where they are provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can activate a custom vars plugin by either dropping it into a ``vars_plugins`` directory adjacent to your play, inside a role, or by putting it in one of the directory sources configured in :ref:`ansible.cfg <ansible_configuration_settings>`. For a vars plugin to run during inventory build you cannot enable it in a play or role as these are not loaded until later. If they are only going to run at task execution, there are no limitations on where they are provided.
```

Reviewer: > For a vars plugin to run during inventory build you cannot enable it in a play or role as these are not loaded until later.

Should we drop a hint where to enable a var plugin to run during inventory build? Or is that covered in the first part?
